OSDOCS-6269: updates network flow and ovnkube trace tool for OVN-K i/c (#64687)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-install-ovnkube-trace-local.adoc

+
[source,terminal]
----
$  POD=$(oc get pods -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes -l app=ovnkube-control-plane -o name | head -1 | awk -F '/' '{print $NF}')
----

> . Run the following command on your local host to copy the binary from the `ovnkube-master` pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command on your local host to copy the binary from the `ovnkube-control-plane` pods:
```
please note there are no more ovnkube-master pods in the cluster.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $  oc cp -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes $POD:/usr/bin/ovnkube-trace -c ovnkube-cluster-manager ovnkube-trace

Reviewer: ah the trace is now executed on each node so let' use ovnkube-node pod.
@pperiyasamy can you PTAL this part of the docs? -> I don't think we should be copying the binary to the cluster-manager? there is no database here.

Reviewer 2: @tssurya This is about copying ovnkube-trace file from ovn pod into a remote node where it can be run as long as we've kubeconfig towards the cluster. so this change looks good to me.

Reviewer: ah ack, its weird we pick the cluster-manager container because its not running on all nodes, i'd pick node one instead...
